README.md, before:

# Available Patches  

### Burnout 3: Takedown  
• Widescreen Fix : Adds widescreen support by correcting the FOV, HUD, Menus, and FMVs.  

### Gran Turismo 3   
• Access Hidden Car Classes : Allows all car classes to be selectable in arcade mode, including time trial and debug car classes.  

• Always Gold License Test : A valid completion time will always reward you a gold medal.  
  
• Full Trigger Sensitivity : Allows the full range of the L2 / R2 (LT / RT) triggers to be used for throttle and braking. Based on [Silent's Adjusted Trigger Sensitivity](https://github.com/CookiePLMonster/Console-Cheat-Codes/tree/master/PS2/Gran%20Turismo%203/Adjusted%20triggers%20sensitivity) patch.   

• Widescreen Text : Corrects the aspect ratio of text for 16:9 widescreen, similar to GT4 Online.  

### Gran Turismo 4  
• Always Gold License Test : A valid completion time will always reward you a gold medal.  

• Analog HUD For All Camera Views : Allows the analog HUD to be used for the chase camera.  

• Autoboot in 480p : The NTSC release of GT4 will always use progressive scan as its default setting. Based on [Silent's Deinterlance](https://github.com/CookiePLMonster/Console-Cheat-Codes/tree/master/PS2/Gran%20Turismo%204/Deinterlace) patch.  

• Digital HUD For All Camera Views : Allows the digital HUD to be used for the roof and bumper camera.  

• Disable Dynamic Race Text : Removes the text that appears at the bottom of the screen before a race or during a pitstop.  

• Full Trigger Sensitivity : Allows the full range of the L2 / R2 (LT / RT) triggers to be used for throttle and braking. Based on [Silent's Adjusted Trigger Sensitivity](https://github.com/CookiePLMonster/Console-Cheat-Codes/tree/master/PS2/Gran%20Turismo%203/Adjusted%20triggers%20sensitivity) patch.   

• GT3 Camera Placement : Moves the external camera closer to the ground, in the same position as Gran Turismo 3.  

• Widescreen Text : Corrects the aspect ratio of text for 16:9 widescreen, similar to GT4 Online.  

### Need for Speed ProStreet  
• Widescreen Fix : Enables a native widescreen mode that was previously inaccesible and corrects the FOV.

Commit message:

added Gran Turismo Concept patches

README.md, after:

# Available Patches  

### Burnout 3: Takedown  
• Widescreen Fix : Adds widescreen support by correcting the FOV, HUD, Menus, and FMVs. 

### Gran Turismo Concept  
• Full Trigger Sensitivity : Allows the full range of the L2 / R2 (LT / RT) triggers to be used for throttle and braking. Based on [Silent's Adjusted Trigger Sensitivity](https://github.com/CookiePLMonster/Console-Cheat-Codes/tree/master/PS2/Gran%20Turismo%20Concept/Adjusted%20triggers%20sensitivity) patch.   

• Widescreen Text : Corrects the aspect ratio of text for 16:9 widescreen, similar to GT4 Online.  

### Gran Turismo 3   
• Access Hidden Car Classes : Allows all car classes to be selectable in arcade mode, including time trial and debug car classes.  

• Always Gold License Test : A valid completion time will always reward you a gold medal.  
  
• Full Trigger Sensitivity : Allows the full range of the L2 / R2 (LT / RT) triggers to be used for throttle and braking. Based on [Silent's Adjusted Trigger Sensitivity](https://github.com/CookiePLMonster/Console-Cheat-Codes/tree/master/PS2/Gran%20Turismo%203/Adjusted%20triggers%20sensitivity) patch.   

• Widescreen Text : Corrects the aspect ratio of text for 16:9 widescreen, similar to GT4 Online.  

### Gran Turismo 4  
• Always Gold License Test : A valid completion time will always reward you a gold medal.  

• Analog HUD For All Camera Views : Allows the analog HUD to be used for the chase camera.  

• Autoboot in 480p : The NTSC release of GT4 will always use progressive scan as its default setting. Based on [Silent's Deinterlance](https://github.com/CookiePLMonster/Console-Cheat-Codes/tree/master/PS2/Gran%20Turismo%204/Deinterlace) patch.  

• Digital HUD For All Camera Views : Allows the digital HUD to be used for the roof and bumper camera.  

• Disable Dynamic Race Text : Removes the text that appears at the bottom of the screen before a race or during a pitstop.  

• Full Trigger Sensitivity : Allows the full range of the L2 / R2 (LT / RT) triggers to be used for throttle and braking. Based on [Silent's Adjusted Trigger Sensitivity](https://github.com/CookiePLMonster/Console-Cheat-Codes/tree/master/PS2/Gran%20Turismo%203/Adjusted%20triggers%20sensitivity) patch.   

• GT3 Camera Placement : Moves the external camera closer to the ground, in the same position as Gran Turismo 3.  

• Widescreen Text : Corrects the aspect ratio of text for 16:9 widescreen, similar to GT4 Online.  

### Need for Speed ProStreet  
• Widescreen Fix : Enables a native widescreen mode that was previously inaccesible and corrects the FOV.
